- NATHAN: I said no. End of story.
- JODIE: Please Nathan, just this once.
All the other girls in my class are going
and I won't be late. I promise, okay?
- NATHAN: You're wasting your breathe, Jodie.
- JODIE: IT'S JUST NOT FAIR!
How come everyone can go and I can't?
I do everything you ask of me all week.
And I never get to have any fun!
- NATHAN: For the hundredth times
you're not like everyone else and there're rules.
- JODIE: I didn't ask to be different!
I just wanna go out, and-and
have friends and be like other girls my age.
- NATHAN: You'll never be like them.
You need to get used to that.
Good night.
- JODIE: (SHOUT FRUSTRATINGLY)
(DOOR SHUTS)
- COLE: I'll be nextdoor.
Tell me if you need anything.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- JODIE: Fuck it.
(LOUD ELECTRIC GUITAR SOUND)
- COLE: Stop it, Jodie!
This is not gonna do you any good.
You're grounded. Period.
Hey, Jodie.
You no better to use Aiden
when you're angry.
Are you done?
Are you proud of yourself?
I hope so.
Because you have to clean all that up.
- JODIE: Stop it, Aiden.
They don't give a shit if we break
everything in this goddamn room.
If that's not gonna work
we have to figure out what will.
(PHONE RINGS)
- COLE: Yeah... (CHUCKLES)
- JODIE: I'm-I'm really sorry, Cole.
I hate myself for doing this.
You understand, right?
I just... I need to go out tonight.
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
Yeah, I know.
It's too late to turn back now.
Locked.